[Music]
[Music] now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the
now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the
now when the Queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the name of
fame of Solomon concerning the name of
fame of Solomon concerning the name of the Lord she came to test him with hard
the Lord she came to test him with hard
the Lord she came to test him with hard questions she came to Jerusalem with a
questions she came to Jerusalem with a
questions she came to Jerusalem with a very great retinue with camels that bore
very great retinue with camels that bore
very great retinue with camels that bore spices very much gold and precious
spices very much gold and precious
spices very much gold and precious stones and when she came to Solomon she
stones and when she came to Solomon she
stones and when she came to Solomon she spoke with him about all that was in her
spoke with him about all that was in her
spoke with him about all that was in her heart so Solomon answered all her
heart so Solomon answered all her
heart so Solomon answered all her questions there was nothing so difficult
questions there was nothing so difficult
questions there was nothing so difficult for the king that he could not explain
for the king that he could not explain
for the king that he could not explain it to her and when the Queen of Sheba
it to her and when the Queen of Sheba
it to her and when the Queen of Sheba had seen all the wisdom of Solomon the
had seen all the wisdom of Solomon the
had seen all the wisdom of Solomon the house that he had built the food on his
house that he had built the food on his
house that he had built the food on his table the seating of his servants the
table the seating of his servants the
table the seating of his servants the service of his waiters and their apparel
service of his waiters and their apparel
service of his waiters and their apparel his cup bearers and his entry way by
his cup bearers and his entry way by
his cup bearers and his entry way by which he went up to the house of the
which he went up to the house of the
which he went up to the house of the Lord there was no more spirit in her and
Lord there was no more spirit in her and
Lord there was no more spirit in her and she said to the king it was a true
she said to the king it was a true
she said to the king it was a true report which I heard in my own land
report which I heard in my own land
report which I heard in my own land about your words and your wisdom however
about your words and your wisdom however
about your words and your wisdom however I did not believe the words until I came
I did not believe the words until I came
I did not believe the words until I came and saw with my own eyes
and saw with my own eyes
and saw with my own eyes and indeed the half was not told me your
and indeed the half was not told me your
and indeed the half was not told me your wisdom and prosperity exceed the fame of
wisdom and prosperity exceed the fame of
wisdom and prosperity exceed the fame of which I heard happy are your men and
which I heard happy are your men and
which I heard happy are your men and happy are these your servants who stand
happy are these your servants who stand
happy are these your servants who stand continually before you and hear your
continually before you and hear your
continually before you and hear your wisdom blessed be the Lord your God who
wisdom blessed be the Lord your God who
wisdom blessed be the Lord your God who delighted in you setting you on the
delighted in you setting you on the
delighted in you setting you on the throne of Israel because the Lord has
throne of Israel because the Lord has
throne of Israel because the Lord has loved Israel forever therefore he made
loved Israel forever therefore he made
loved Israel forever therefore he made you King to do justice and righteousness
you King to do justice and righteousness
you King to do justice and righteousness then she gave the king one hundred and
then she gave the king one hundred and
then she gave the king one hundred and twenty talents of gold spices in great
twenty talents of gold spices in great
twenty talents of gold spices in great quantity and precious stones there never
quantity and precious stones there never
quantity and precious stones there never again came such abundance of spices as
again came such abundance of spices as
again came such abundance of spices as the Queen of Sheba gave to King Solomon
the Queen of Sheba gave to King Solomon
the Queen of Sheba gave to King Solomon also the ships of Hyrum which brought
also the ships of Hyrum which brought
also the ships of Hyrum which brought gold from Ophir brought great quantities
gold from Ophir brought great quantities
gold from Ophir brought great quantities of Almog wood and precious stones from a
of Almog wood and precious stones from a
of Almog wood and precious stones from a fir and the King made steps of the Almog
fir and the King made steps of the Almog
fir and the King made steps of the Almog wood for the house of the Lord and for
wood for the house of the Lord and for
wood for the house of the Lord and for the King's house also harps and stringed
the King's house also harps and stringed
the King's house also harps and stringed instruments for singers there never
instruments for singers there never
instruments for singers there never again came such a luck wood nor has the
again came such a luck wood nor has the
again came such a luck wood nor has the like been seen to this day now King
like been seen to this day now King
like been seen to this day now King Solomon gave the Queen of Sheba all she
Solomon gave the Queen of Sheba all she
Solomon gave the Queen of Sheba all she desired whatever she asked besides what
desired whatever she asked besides what
desired whatever she asked besides what Solomon had given her according to the
Solomon had given her according to the
Solomon had given her according to the Royal generosity so she turned and went
Royal generosity so she turned and went
Royal generosity so she turned and went to her own country she and her servants
to her own country she and her servants
to her own country she and her servants the weight of gold that came to Solomon
the weight of gold that came to Solomon
the weight of gold that came to Solomon yearly was 666 talents of gold
yearly was 666 talents of gold
yearly was 666 talents of gold besides that from the travelling
besides that from the travelling
besides that from the travelling merchants from the income of traders
merchants from the income of traders
merchants from the income of traders from all the kings of Arabia and from
from all the kings of Arabia and from
from all the kings of Arabia and from the governors of the country and King
the governors of the country and King
the governors of the country and King Solomon made 200 large shields of
Solomon made 200 large shields of
Solomon made 200 large shields of hammered gold six hundred shekels of
hammered gold six hundred shekels of
hammered gold six hundred shekels of gold went into each shield
gold went into each shield
gold went into each shield he also made three hundred shields of
he also made three hundred shields of
he also made three hundred shields of hammered gold three minutes of gold went
hammered gold three minutes of gold went
hammered gold three minutes of gold went into each shield the king put them in
into each shield the king put them in
into each shield the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon
the house of the forest of Lebanon
the house of the forest of Lebanon moreover the King made a great throne of
moreover the King made a great throne of
moreover the King made a great throne of ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the
ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the
ivory and overlaid it with pure gold the throne had six steps and the top of the
throne had six steps and the top of the
throne had six steps and the top of the throne was round at the back there were
throne was round at the back there were
throne was round at the back there were arm rests on either side of the place of
arm rests on either side of the place of
arm rests on either side of the place of the seat and two lines stood beside the
the seat and two lines stood beside the
the seat and two lines stood beside the arm rests 12 Lions stood there one on
arm rests 12 Lions stood there one on
arm rests 12 Lions stood there one on each side of the six steps nothing like
each side of the six steps nothing like
each side of the six steps nothing like this had been made for any other Kingdom
this had been made for any other Kingdom
this had been made for any other Kingdom all King Solomon's drinking vessels will
all King Solomon's drinking vessels will
all King Solomon's drinking vessels will go and all the vessels of the house of
go and all the vessels of the house of
go and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were pure girl not
the forest of Lebanon were pure girl not
the forest of Lebanon were pure girl not one was silver for this was accounted as
one was silver for this was accounted as
one was silver for this was accounted as nothing in the days of Solomon for the
nothing in the days of Solomon for the
nothing in the days of Solomon for the King had merchant ships at sea with a
King had merchant ships at sea with a
King had merchant ships at sea with a fleet of Hiram once every three years
fleet of Hiram once every three years
fleet of Hiram once every three years the merchant ships came bringing gold
the merchant ships came bringing gold
the merchant ships came bringing gold silver ivory Apes and monkeys
silver ivory Apes and monkeys
silver ivory Apes and monkeys so King Solomon surpassed all the kings
so King Solomon surpassed all the kings
so King Solomon surpassed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom
of the earth in riches and wisdom
of the earth in riches and wisdom now all the earth sought the presence of
now all the earth sought the presence of
now all the earth sought the presence of Solomon to hear his wisdom which God had
Solomon to hear his wisdom which God had
Solomon to hear his wisdom which God had put in his heart
put in his heart
put in his heart each man brought his present articles of
each man brought his present articles of
each man brought his present articles of silver and gold garments Armour spices
silver and gold garments Armour spices
silver and gold garments Armour spices horses and mules at a set rate year by
horses and mules at a set rate year by
horses and mules at a set rate year by year and Solomon gathered chariots and
year and Solomon gathered chariots and
year and Solomon gathered chariots and horsemen he had 1,400 chariots and
horsemen he had 1,400 chariots and
horsemen he had 1,400 chariots and twelve thousand horsemen whom he
twelve thousand horsemen whom he
twelve thousand horsemen whom he stationed in the chariot cities and with
stationed in the chariot cities and with
stationed in the chariot cities and with the King at Jerusalem the King made
the King at Jerusalem the King made
the King at Jerusalem the King made silver as common in Jerusalem as stones
silver as common in Jerusalem as stones
silver as common in Jerusalem as stones and he made cedar trees as abundant as
and he made cedar trees as abundant as
and he made cedar trees as abundant as the Sycamores which are in the lowland
the Sycamores which are in the lowland
the Sycamores which are in the lowland also Solomon had horses imported from
also Solomon had horses imported from
also Solomon had horses imported from Egypt and Kiva the King's merchants
Egypt and Kiva the King's merchants
Egypt and Kiva the King's merchants brought them in Kiva at the current
brought them in Kiva at the current
brought them in Kiva at the current price now a chariot that was imported
price now a chariot that was imported
price now a chariot that was imported from Egypt cost 600 shekels of silver
from Egypt cost 600 shekels of silver
from Egypt cost 600 shekels of silver and a horse 150 and thus through their
and a horse 150 and thus through their
and a horse 150 and thus through their agents they exported them to all the
agents they exported them to all the
agents they exported them to all the kings of the Hittites and the kings of
kings of the Hittites and the kings of
kings of the Hittites and the kings of Syria